src/config/talks/2025/orchestrating-add-ons-and-applications-across-multi-cluster-kubernetes-environments-with-sveltos.md, before:

---
id: orchestrating-add-ons-and-applications-across-multi-cluster-kubernetes-environments-with-sveltos
title: Orchestrating Add-ons and Applications Across Multi-Cluster Kubernetes Environments with Sveltos
type: workshop
speakerIds:
  - gianluca-mardente
tags:
  - ENG
level: Intermediate
image: null
video: ''
slide: ''
---

Managing Kubernetes add-ons and applications across multiple clusters is complex and error-prone. As environments scale, ensuring consistency, automating deployments, and handling cluster-specific configurations becomes increasingly difficult. 

Sveltos is a lightweight, Kubernetes-native solution that simplifies the management of add-ons and applications across any number of clusters. It lets you define desired configurations declaratively and automatically applies them to target clusters based on labels selectors. With Sveltos, platform teams can ensure consistent, policy-driven deployments while reducing manual effort and minimizing drift across environments.

Commit message:

- Aggiunte le immagini dei workshop - Aggiunta l'immagina dell'intro - Fix logo footer

src/config/talks/2025/orchestrating-add-ons-and-applications-across-multi-cluster-kubernetes-environments-with-sveltos.md, after:

---
id: orchestrating-add-ons-and-applications-across-multi-cluster-kubernetes-environments-with-sveltos
title: Orchestrating Add-ons and Applications Across Multi-Cluster Kubernetes Environments with Sveltos
type: workshop
speakerIds:
  - gianluca-mardente
tags:
  - ENG
level: Intermediate
image: '/images/workshop/orchestrating-add-ons-and-applications-across-multi-cluster-k8s-environments-with-sveltos.webp'
video: ''
slide: ''
---

Managing Kubernetes add-ons and applications across multiple clusters is complex and error-prone. As environments scale, ensuring consistency, automating deployments, and handling cluster-specific configurations becomes increasingly difficult.

Sveltos is a lightweight, Kubernetes-native solution that simplifies the management of add-ons and applications across any number of clusters. It lets you define desired configurations declaratively and automatically applies them to target clusters based on labels selectors. With Sveltos, platform teams can ensure consistent, policy-driven deployments while reducing manual effort and minimizing drift across environments.
