src/config/talks/2025/scalable-kubernetes-with-hosted-control-planes-and-immutable-nodes.md, before:

---
id: scalable-kubernetes-with-hosted-control-planes-and-immutable-nodes
title: Scalable Kubernetes with Hosted Control Planes and Immutable Nodes
type: workshop
speakerIds:
  - mauro-morales
  - ettore-di-giacinto
  - dimitris-karakasilis
tags:
  - ENG
level: Beginners
image: null
video: ''
slide: ''
---

In this workshop, you'll learn how to deploy Kubernetes clusters using the Hosted Control Plane (HCP) architecture combined with immutable worker nodes, a powerful approach that enhances scalability, reduces control plane resource usage, and strengthens your platform's security posture.

We'll explore how to achieve this architecture using two CNCF projects:

- Kamaji, to manage lightweight, multi-tenant hosted control planes.

- Kairos, to build and manage secure, immutable nodes that are GitOps-ready by design.

Through hands-on work, you'll learn how to generate Kairos artifacts using a web-based UI, configure them to automatically join tenant clusters managed by Kamaji, and lay the foundation for scalable, reproducible Kubernetes infrastructure — from core to edge.

Commit message:

- Aggiunte le immagini dei workshop - Aggiunta l'immagina dell'intro - Fix logo footer

src/config/talks/2025/scalable-kubernetes-with-hosted-control-planes-and-immutable-nodes.md, after:

---
id: scalable-kubernetes-with-hosted-control-planes-and-immutable-nodes
title: Scalable Kubernetes with Hosted Control Planes and Immutable Nodes
type: workshop
speakerIds:
  - mauro-morales
  - ettore-di-giacinto
  - dimitris-karakasilis
tags:
  - ENG
level: Beginners
image: '/images/workshop/scalable-k8s-with-hosted-control-planes-and-immutable-nodes.webp'
video: ''
slide: ''
---

In this workshop, you'll learn how to deploy Kubernetes clusters using the Hosted Control Plane (HCP) architecture combined with immutable worker nodes, a powerful approach that enhances scalability, reduces control plane resource usage, and strengthens your platform's security posture.

We'll explore how to achieve this architecture using two CNCF projects:

- Kamaji, to manage lightweight, multi-tenant hosted control planes.

- Kairos, to build and manage secure, immutable nodes that are GitOps-ready by design.

Through hands-on work, you'll learn how to generate Kairos artifacts using a web-based UI, configure them to automatically join tenant clusters managed by Kamaji, and lay the foundation for scalable, reproducible Kubernetes infrastructure — from core to edge.
